{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 PMID	Year	Title	MeshTerm\
5939516	1966	Carcinoma in ulcerative colitis.	Colitis, Ulcerative,Colonic Neoplasms,Humans,Rectal Neoplasms\
5939524	1966	Experimental studies of feline and bovine leukemia.	Animals,Cats,Cattle,Cattle Diseases,Leukemia,Leukemia, Experimental\
5939525	1966	The role of mycoplasmas and viruses in human leukemia.	Humans,In Vitro Techniques,Leukemia,Mycoplasma,Retroviridae\
5939550	1966	Determination of the extracellular water volume by means of 35s radiosulphate.	Body Fluids,Extracellular Space,Female,Humans,Kinetics,Male,Radioisotopes,Skin Neoplasms,Sulfates,Water\
5939560	1966	Effect of surgery, hormones, and nutrition on mammary cancer induced by 3-methylcholanthrene in female Wistar rats.	Adenocarcinoma,Adrenalectomy,Animals,Diet,Estradiol,Female,Mammary Neoplasms, Experimental,Mestranol,Methylcholanthrene,Norethynodrel,Ovary,Rats,Testosterone\
5939561	1966	Screening data from the Cancer Chemotherapy National Service Center screening laboratories. 33. Plant extracts.	Animals,Antineoplastic Agents,Cricetinae,Culture Techniques,Eggs,Female,Male,Mice,Neoplasms, Experimental,Plants, Medicinal,Rats\
5939565	1966	Primary carcinoma in a functioning gall bladder.	Aged,Carcinoma,Cholecystography,Female,Gallbladder Neoplasms,Humans\
5939576	1966	High-dosage intermittent treatment with methotrexate for acute leukaemia in childhood.	Antimetabolites,Child,Child, Preschool,Humans,In Vitro Techniques,Leukemia,Methotrexate,Methylprednisolone\
5939577	1966	Results of treatment of gastric cancer.	Gastrectomy,Humans,Mortality,Prognosis,Stomach Neoplasms\
5939578	1966	Lipoma of the adrenal gland simulating the signs of phaeochromocytoma.	Adrenal Gland Neoplasms,Diagnosis, Differential,Humans,In Vitro Techniques,Lipoma,Male,Middle Aged,Pheochromocytoma\
5939584	1966	Mechanisms of tumor homograft rejection. II. Studies on the mechanism of rejection of sarcoma I ascites tumor in the C57BL-Ks mouse.	Animals,Antibodies,Complement System Proteins,Mice,Neoplasm Transplantation,Rabbits,Sarcoma, Experimental,Transplantation Immunology,Transplantation, Homologous\
5939590	1966	Cerebral metastasis. Clinical studies on 33 cases.	Adult,Aged,Brain Neoplasms,Carcinoma, Basal Cell,Cerebral Angiography,Cerebrospinal Fluid,Electroencephalography,Female,Humans,Lung Neoplasms,Male,Middle Aged,Neoplasm Metastasis,Radiography, Thoracic\
5939618	1966	Problems of clinical cancerology: cytostatic shock with cyclophosphamide.	Cyclophosphamide,Female,Humans,Male,Neoplasm Metastasis,Neoplasms\
5939628	1966	Therapeutic results of bilateral total adrenalectomy for Cushing's disease.	Adrenalectomy,Adult,Cushing Syndrome,Female,Humans,In Vitro Techniques,Male,Middle Aged\
5939637	1966	A case of Richter's syndrome.	Diagnosis, Differential,Hodgkin Disease,Humans,In Vitro Techniques,Leukemia, Lymphoid,Liver,Middle Aged\
5939657	1966	Experimental anticancer studies. 28. Anticancer activity of some nitrofuran derivatives.	Animals,Antineoplastic Agents,Carcinoma, Ehrlich Tumor,Chemical Phenomena,Chemistry,Chemistry, Pharmaceutical,In Vitro Techniques,Mice,Nitrofurans\
5939695	1966	Plexiform neuroma. A case report.	Female,Foot Diseases,Humans,Middle Aged,Neuroma\
5939696	1966	Mosaic wart. A case report.	Diabetes Complications,Foot Diseases,Humans,Male,Middle Aged,Warts\
5939733	1966	The quantitative estimation of glycolipids in Alzheimer's disease.	Adult,Aged,Brain Chemistry,Cerebrosides,Cholesterol,Chromatography,Dementia,Gangliosides,Glycolipids,Hippocampus,Humans,Lipid Metabolism,Middle Aged,Multiple Sclerosis,Parkinson Disease,Psychotic Disorders\
5939739	1966	Lymphographic observations in carcinoma of the rectum.	Humans,Lymph Node Excision,Lymphatic Metastasis,Lymphography,Rectal Neoplasms\
5939741	1966	Observations of treatment with endolymphatic administration of cytostatic agents in some cases of gynecological neoplasms.	Adult,Aged,Antineoplastic Agents,Female,Genital Neoplasms, Female,Humans,Injections,Injections, Intralymphatic,Middle Aged\
5939748	1966	When the cervical Pap smear is positive.	Carcinoma, Squamous Cell,Female,Humans,In Vitro Techniques,Papanicolaou Test,Uterine Cervical Neoplasms,Vaginal Smears\
5939756	1966	A changing parotid tumor.	Adenolymphoma,Adult,Humans,In Vitro Techniques,Male,Parotid Neoplasms\
5939763	1966	Analysis of delays in the treatment of skin and mammary cancers according to data of District Oncological Dispensary in Lublin.	Breast Neoplasms,Female,Humans,Male,Poland,Retrospective Studies,Skin Neoplasms\
5939767	1966	Case of segmental sigmoiditis simulating a neoplasm.	Chloramphenicol,Colitis,Colon, Sigmoid,Humans,Male,Middle Aged,Peritonitis,Sigmoid Neoplasms\
5939775	1966	Slow intravenous perfusion of 5-flourouracil. Clinical results.	Female,Fluorouracil,Humans,Male,Middle Aged,Neoplasms,Perfusion\
5939789	1966	States of immunologic deficiency.	Agammaglobulinemia,Autoimmune Diseases,Humans,Leukemia\
5939793	1966	Recent cancer mortality trends among men.	Adolescent,Adult,Aged,Child,Child, Preschool,Humans,Infant,Male,Middle Aged,Mortality,Neoplasms,Prognosis\
5939794	1966	Major causes of childhood mortality.	Accidents,Child,Child, Preschool,Congenital Abnormalities,Female,Gastroenteritis,Heart Diseases,Humans,Infant,Influenza, Human,Male,Mortality,Neoplasms,Pneumonia,Poisoning,United States\
5939841	1966	Statistical radiological considerations on cerebral angiography in 500 non-selected patients.	Adolescent,Adult,Aged,Brain Diseases,Brain Neoplasms,Carotid Artery Thrombosis,Cerebral Angiography,Cerebrovascular Disorders,Child,Child, Preschool,Female,Humans,Infant,Male,Middle Aged\
5939850	1966	Case records of the Massachusetts General Hospital. Case 29-1966.	Diagnosis, Differential,Female,Humans,Ileitis,Middle Aged,Radiation Injuries,Radiotherapy,Uterine Cervical Neoplasms\
5939852	1966	Multiple sclerosis in South Africa.	Humans,Multiple Sclerosis,South Africa\
5939877	1966	The radiological investigation of thyroid enlargement.	Goiter,Humans,Radiography,Thyroid Neoplasms\
5939878	1966	Malignant gastric ulcer due to metastasis.	Adult,Aged,Humans,Male,Middle Aged,Neoplasm Metastasis,Radiography,Stomach Neoplasms,Stomach Ulcer\
5939895	1966	Regional therapy of tumors.	Chemotherapy, Cancer, Regional Perfusion,Humans,Neoplasms\
5939899	1966	Cellular biophysics of tumors.	Biophysical Phenomena,Biophysics,Cell Biology,Humans,In Vitro Techniques,Neoplasms\
5939904	1966	Advantages of the preoperative deep freezing in the treatment of malignant melanoma.	Cryosurgery,Humans,Melanoma\
5939927	1966	Diencephalic syndrome of emaciation associated with hypothalamic neoplasms.	Astrocytoma,Cerebral Ventricle Neoplasms,Child, Preschool,Emaciation,Humans,Infant,Male\
5939941	1966	Pathology of the Kultchitzky-Masson cell.	Carcinoid Tumor,Digestive System,Dumping Syndrome,Humans,Male,Middle Aged\
5939943	1966	Peutz-Jeghers syndrome. Observation of a case with study of the karyotype.	Adolescent,Chromosomes,Female,Humans,Karyotyping,Peutz-Jeghers Syndrome\
5939949	1966	Meningitis caused by Pasteurella ureae.	Humans,Male,Meningitis,Middle Aged,Pasteurella Infections\
5939951	1966	Refractory normoblastic ("sideroblastic") anemia. Clinical and electron microscopic observations.	Aged,Anemia,Anemia, Sideroblastic,Blood Cells,Bone Marrow Cells,Classification,Diagnosis, Differential,Humans,Iron,Leukemia,Male,Microscopy, Electron,Middle Aged,Pelger-Huet Anomaly\
5939959	1966	Apropos of a case of Ewing's sarcoma with a rare localization.	Child,Female,Frontal Bone,Humans,Sarcoma, Ewing,Skull Neoplasms\
5939975	1966	A clinical trial of oral 5-fluorouracil.	Adult,Aged,Diarrhea,Female,Fluorouracil,Humans,Leukopenia,Male,Middle Aged,Neoplasms,Stomatitis,Thrombocytopenia\
5939977	1966	Preliminary clinical studies with ibenzmethyzin.	Antineoplastic Agents,Ataxia,Humans,Hydrazines,Nausea,Neoplasms,Vertigo,Vomiting\
5939976	1966	Oral vinblastine sulfate in Hodgkin's disease.	Adult,Female,Hodgkin Disease,Humans,Male,Middle Aged,Vinblastine\
5940004	1966	Assessment of excretory urography and radioisotope renal scanning in diseases of the kidneys.	Adult,Cysts,Female,Humans,Infarction,Kidney,Kidney Calculi,Kidney Diseases,Kidney Neoplasms,Male,Middle Aged,Phenacetin,Radionuclide Imaging,Urinary Tract Infections,Urography\
5940005	1966	The contribution of renal scanning in the evaluation of renal trauma.	Adolescent,Adult,Aortography,Child,Cysts,Female,Humans,Kidney Diseases,Male,Radionuclide Imaging,Renal Artery Obstruction,Urography\
5940006	1966	The role of nephrotomography in the diagnosis of adrenal tumors.	Adrenal Gland Neoplasms,Humans,Tomography\
5940015	1966	Unusual malignant tumors of the head and neck.	Adult,Aged,Child, Preschool,Female,Head and Neck Neoplasms,Humans,Male,Mandibular Neoplasms,Maxillary Sinus,Middle Aged,Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms,Neuroectodermal Tumors, Primitive, Peripheral,Palatal Neoplasms,Paranasal Sinus Neoplasms,Plasmacytoma,Rhabdomyosarcoma,Sarcoma, Ewing,Tonsillar Neoplasms\
5940050	1966	Skin carcinogenesis as a laboratory and clinical model in cancer research.	Carcinogens,Humans,In Vitro Techniques,Skin Neoplasms\
5940066	1966	Multiple anaplasias in the lower genital canal.	Anus Neoplasms,Female,Humans,Hysterectomy,Neoplasm Metastasis,Postoperative Complications,Uterine Cervical Neoplasms,Vaginal Neoplasms,Vulvar Neoplasms\
5940067	1966	Leukocyte alkaline phosphatase in gynecologic cancer.	Alkaline Phosphatase,Female,Genital Neoplasms, Female,Humans,Leukocytes\
5940068	1966	Injuries related to radiation treatment of carcinoma of the cervix and complications of supplemental surgery.	Edema,Female,Gastrointestinal Diseases,Humans,Phlebitis,Radiation Injuries,Urologic Diseases,Uterine Cervical Neoplasms\
5940069	1966	Surgical treatment of cancer of the uterine cervix. Results at Provincial Taipei Hospital from 1955 to 1958.	Female,Humans,Hysterectomy,Lymph Node Excision,Prognosis,Statistics as Topic,Taiwan,Uterine Cervical Neoplasms\
5940152	1966	Pseudocyst of the pancreas in children.	Adolescent,Humans,Male,Pancreatic Cyst,Radiography\
5940153	1966	Apropos of new automatic applicators for endouterine radiotherapy.	Female,Humans,Radiotherapy,Radium,Uterine Neoplasms\
5940155	1966	Correlation between mortality due to tumors and dietary radioactivity in man.	Animals,Food Contamination, Radioactive,France,Humans,Mice,Mortality,Neoplasms\
5940156	1966	Anatomoradiologic comparisons on some lesional aspects of the colic picture.	Appendix,Colonic Diseases,Colonic Neoplasms,Humans,In Vitro Techniques,Intussusception,Radiography\
5940157	1966	Early diagnosis of pancreatic and Vater's ampulla tumors by hypotonic duodenography.	Ampulla of Vater,Bile Duct Neoplasms,Humans,Pancreatic Neoplasms,Radiography\
5940166	1966	Aromatic amines and bladder cancer.	Amines,Humans,Occupational Diseases,Urinary Bladder Neoplasms\
5940171	1966	Smoking and lung cancer.	Aged,Humans,Lung Neoplasms,Male,Middle Aged,Mortality,Netherlands,Smoking\
5940187	1966	Hypercalcemia associated with leukemia.	Cerebrospinal Fluid,Diagnosis, Differential,Female,Humans,Hypercalcemia,Leukemia, Lymphoid,Mercaptopurine,Methotrexate,Middle Aged,Neurologic Manifestations,Prednisone\
5940198	1966	Extended radiotherapy in advanced Hodgkin's disease. Hematologic aspects.	Adult,Blood Cell Count,Bone Marrow,Child,Female,Hematopoietic System,Hodgkin Disease,Humans,Lymphatic Metastasis,Male,Middle Aged,Radiotherapy Dosage\
5940204	1966	Acute abdomen due to a rare complication of a mesenteric cyst.	Abdomen, Acute,Adult,Humans,Male,Mesenteric Cyst\
5940208	1966	Clinico-statistical account of malignant tumor patients hospitalized in the year 1965 in the division of general surgery of the Arcispedale S. Anna of Ferrara.	Adult,Aged,Female,Humans,Male,Middle Aged,Neoplasms\
5940210	1966	Iron deposits in the bone marrow. Cytochemical findings in malignant blood diseases and polycythemias.	Biopsy,Bone Marrow Examination,Hematologic Diseases,Humans,Iron,Polycythemia,Polycythemia Vera,Sternum\
5940224	1966	Spontaneous cerebrospinal-fluid rhinorrhoea.	Anti-Bacterial Agents,Cerebrospinal Fluid Rhinorrhea,Female,Humans,Meningitis,Middle Aged,Sulfonamides\
5940226	1966	Longitudinal pigmentation of the nails in Addison's disease.	Addison Disease,Diagnosis, Differential,Humans,Male,Melanoma,Middle Aged,Nails,Pigmentation Disorders\
5940231	1966	Unusual pharyngeal tumor.	Adult,Deglutition Disorders,Humans,Male,Pharyngeal Neoplasms\
5940257	1966	Hemangioma of the ovary.	Adult,Female,Hemangioma,Humans,Middle Aged,Ovarian Neoplasms\
5940260	1966	Carcinoma in situ of the urinary bladder. Report of a case.	Carcinoma, Transitional Cell,Humans,Male,Middle Aged,Urinary Bladder Neoplasms\
5940263	1966	Unusual adrenal cortex.	Adrenal Gland Neoplasms,Adrenal Glands,Adult,Aldosterone,Female,Humans,In Vitro Techniques\
5940282	1966	Development of a case of transsexualism.	Adrenal Gland Neoplasms,Adult,Humans,Male,Paraphilic Disorders,Psychology\
5940378	1966	Properties of cells derived from adenovirus-induced hamster tumors by long-term in vitro cultivation. I. Clonal stability of three biological characteristics.	Adenoviridae,Animals,Antigens,Clone Cells,Cricetinae,Genetics,In Vitro Techniques,Neoplasms, Experimental,Oncogenic Viruses,Virus Cultivation\
5940411	1966	Primary hyperaldosteronism (Conn's Syndrome)--report of a case.	Adrenal Gland Neoplasms,Adult,Humans,Hyperaldosteronism,In Vitro Techniques,Male\
5940415	1966	Soft tissue oral tumours in children: their structure, histogenesis and behaviour.	Adolescent,Carcinoma,Child,Child, Preschool,Female,Granuloma, Giant Cell,Hemangioendothelioma,Humans,Infant,Infant, Newborn,Lymphangioma,Lymphoma,Male,Mouth Neoplasms,Sarcoma\
5940430	1966	Monostotic fibrous dysplasia (ossifying fibroma) of the mastoid.	Adolescent,Diagnosis, Differential,Fibroma,Fibrous Dysplasia of Bone,Humans,Male,Mastoid,Osteitis Fibrosa Cystica,Osteoma\
5940436	1966	Chondrosarcoma of maxilla. (Case report).	Adult,Chondrosarcoma,Cobalt Isotopes,Deafness,Humans,Male,Maxillary Neoplasms,Radioisotope Teletherapy\
5940456	1966	Mesenchymal tumors of the uterus. II. A clinical and pathologic study of 31 mixed mesodermal tumors.	Aged,Female,Humans,Middle Aged,Prognosis,Sarcoma,Uterine Neoplasms\
5940458	1966	Influence of norethynodrel and mestranol upon cervical dysplasia and carcinoma in situ.	Carcinogens,Carcinoma, Squamous Cell,Colposcopy,Contraceptives, Oral,Cytodiagnosis,Female,Histocytochemistry,Humans,Mestranol,Norethynodrel,Uterine Cervical Diseases,Uterine Cervical Neoplasms\
5940460	1966	The larynx: simplified radiological examination using heavy filtration and high voltage.	Adult,Aged,Female,Humans,Laryngeal Diseases,Laryngeal Neoplasms,Male,Middle Aged,Radiography,Technology, Radiologic\
5940462	1966	Distention sialography.	Humans,Salivary Gland Neoplasms,Sialography\
5940464	1966	Lymphangiography with direct roentgenographic magnification. New application for an old technic.	Humans,Lymphography,Neoplasms\
5940465	1966	Clinical method for evaluation of radiopotentiation with oxygen inhalation: a preliminary note.	Adult,Aged,Female,Humans,Hyperbaric Oxygenation,Male,Middle Aged,Neoplasms,Oxygen,Radiation-Sensitizing Agents\
5940473	1966	The roentgenographic diagnosis of suprarenal masses.	Adrenal Gland Diseases,Adrenal Gland Neoplasms,Humans,Hyperplasia,Radiography\
5940474	1966	Congenital hepatic fibrosis, bile duct dilatation, and renal lesion resembling medullary sponge kidney. (Congenital "cystic" disease of the liver and kidneys).	Biliary Tract Diseases,Child, Preschool,Cysts,Humans,Kidney Diseases, Cystic,Liver Diseases,Male\
5940525	1966	Juvenile polyposis coli. A report of three patients in three generations of one family.	Child,Colonic Neoplasms,Female,Humans,Male,Middle Aged,Peutz-Jeghers Syndrome,Polyps,Rectal Neoplasms\
5940527	1966	Presacral tumor: report of a case.	Humans,Lipoma,Male,Middle Aged,Pelvic Neoplasms,Retroperitoneal Neoplasms\
5940528	1966	Schistosoma mansoni as a cause of granuloma of the large intestine. Report of three cases.	Adult,Appendicitis,Colonic Diseases,Diagnosis, Differential,Female,Granuloma,Humans,Intestinal Diseases, Parasitic,Intestinal Neoplasms,Intestinal Obstruction,Male,Schistosomiasis\
5940529	1966	Mucocele of the appendix associated with profound anemia. Report of a case.	Adult,Anemia,Appendix,Cecal Diseases,Diagnosis, Differential,Female,Humans,Mucocele\
5940530	1966	Gardner's syndrome: report of two unrelated cases and discussion of management of the disease.	Adult,Diagnosis, Differential,Fibroma,Humans,Intestinal Neoplasms,Male,Mandibular Neoplasms,Osteoma,Polyps,Proctoscopy,Radiography\
5940551	1966	On substitutive plastic surgery of the urinary tract with intestinal loops in gynecologic and obstetric practice.	Female,Genital Diseases, Female,Genital Neoplasms, Female,Humans,Urinary Diversion,Urologic Diseases\
5940559	1966	The in vivo antitumor activity of certain short chain fatty acids.	Animals,Antineoplastic Agents,Carbon Dioxide,Carcinoma, Ehrlich Tumor,Fatty Acids,Leukemia L1210,Mammary Neoplasms, Experimental,Mice,Neoplasm Transplantation\
5940561	1966	The enzymic formation of 6-(methylmercapto)purine ribonucleoside 5'-phosphate.	Adenosine Triphosphate,Animals,Blood Cells,Carcinoma, Ehrlich Tumor,Chromatography, Paper,In Vitro Techniques,Intestinal Mucosa,Liver,Lung,Mercaptopurine,Mice,Nucleotides,Phosphates,Phosphotransferases,Spleen\
5940567	1966	Transient comas with hyperthermia in multiple sclerosis.	Adult,Coma,Female,Fever,Humans,Male,Middle Aged,Multiple Sclerosis\
5940568	1966	Critical study of the hemiballic syndrome. (Apropos of an anatomo-clinical case of multiple sclerosis with terminal monoballistic hyperkinesia).	Adolescent,Adult,Female,Humans,Movement Disorders,Multiple Sclerosis\
5940576	1966	Early ultrastructural alterations in proximal tubular cells after unilateral nephrectomy and x-irradiation.	Animals,Cytoplasm,Endoplasmic Reticulum,Female,In Vitro Techniques,Kidney Neoplasms,Kidney Tubules,Mice,Microscopy, Electron,Neoplasms, Radiation-Induced,Nephrectomy,Radiation Effects\
5940593	1966	The relationship of cervical dysplasia to in situ and invasive carcinoma of the cervix.	Carcinoma, Squamous Cell,Female,Humans,Hyperplasia,Uterine Cervical Diseases,Uterine Cervical Neoplasms\
5940594	1966	Management of abnormal cytology late in pregnancy.	Carcinoma, Squamous Cell,Cesarean Section,Cytodiagnosis,Female,Humans,Hyperplasia,Hysterectomy,Pregnancy,Pregnancy Complications,Uterine Cervical Diseases,Uterine Cervical Neoplasms\
5940595	1966	Abdominal myomectomy in the treatment of uterine myomas.	Female,Humans,Leiomyoma,Uterine Neoplasms\
5940606	1966	Primary unruptured ovarian pregnancy.	Adult,Cysts,Female,Humans,Ovarian Diseases,Pregnancy,Pregnancy, Ectopic\
5940630	1966	Pathways of electron flow established by tetramethylphenylenediamine in mitochondria and ascites tumor cells.	Aniline Compounds,Animals,Antimycin A,Ascorbic Acid,Carcinoma, Ehrlich Tumor,Cytochromes,Electron Transport,Hydroxybutyrates,In Vitro Techniques,Liver,Mitochondria,Oxidative Phosphorylation,Phenazines,Rats,Spectrophotometry,Succinates,Vitamin K\
5940668	1966	Precancer in internal medicine.	Humans,Neoplasms\
5940669	1966	Blood albumin changes in malignant tumors.	Blood Protein Disorders,Humans,Neoplasms,Serum Albumin\
5940670	1966	On the radiotherapy of carcinoma of the female genitalia.	Female,Genital Neoplasms, Female,Humans\
5940671	1966	On the early diagnosis of malignant tumors of the female genitalia.	Female,Genital Neoplasms, Female,Humans,Vaginal Smears\
5940672	1966	Malignant growths in otorhinolaryngologic area--tumors of the larynx and hypopharynx.	Adolescent,Adult,Aged,Child,Female,Humans,Laryngeal Neoplasms,Male,Middle Aged,Pharyngeal Neoplasms\
5940677	1966	Prestomal pseudotumor in a gastrectomized patient.	Diagnosis, Differential,Gastric Mucosa,Humans,Male,Middle Aged,Postgastrectomy Syndromes,Stomach Neoplasms\
5940681	1966	Malignant schwannoma of the mesosigmoid.	Female,Humans,In Vitro Techniques,Mesocolon,Middle Aged,Neurilemmoma,Peritoneal Neoplasms\
5940686	1966	Multiple sclerosis and epilepsy. (Apropos of 4 clinical and electroencephalographic cases).	Adolescent,Adult,Electroencephalography,Epilepsy,Female,Humans,Male,Multiple Sclerosis\
5940693	1966	Urinary hydroxyproline and calcium metabolism in patients with cancer.	Bone Neoplasms,Calcium,Humans,Hydroxyproline,Hypercalcemia,Neoplasm Metastasis,Neoplasms,Urine\
5940694	1966	New federal regional medical programs.	Cerebrovascular Disorders,Heart Diseases,Humans,Legislation, Medical,National Institutes of Health (U.S.),Neoplasms,Research Support as Topic,United States\
5940720	1966	Urticaria pigmentosa associated with thyroid and ovarian goiter.	Adolescent,Female,Goiter,Humans,In Vitro Techniques,Ovarian Neoplasms,Teratoma,Urticaria Pigmentosa\
5940733	1966	Cine-cysto-urethrography. A tool for urological classification of the patients and for selection of patients for surgical treatment.	Female,Humans,Male,Multiple Sclerosis,Paraplegia,Urethra,Urethral Stricture,Urinary Bladder,Urography\
5940734	1966	Resection of the bladder neck in non-traumatic paraplegia.	Adult,Aged,Female,Humans,Male,Middle Aged,Multiple Sclerosis,Paraplegia,Urethra,Urinary Bladder, Neurogenic,Urination Disorders\
5940735	1966	Management of the bladder in acute and chronic disorders of the nervous system.	Central Nervous System Diseases,Drainage,Electric Stimulation,Female,Humans,Male,Multiple Sclerosis,Paraplegia,Urinary Bladder, Neurogenic,Urinary Diversion,Urologic Diseases\
5940738	1966	Histopathology of the lumbosacral spinal cord and the cauda equina in a series of proven cases of multiple sclerosis. Report of anatomo-clinical data and of urinary symptomatology.	Female,Humans,In Vitro Techniques,Male,Multiple Sclerosis,Spinal Cord,Urinary Bladder Diseases\
5940740	1966	Histopathology of the vesico-urethral junction in non-traumatic paraplegia.	Adult,Aged,Female,Humans,In Vitro Techniques,Male,Middle Aged,Multiple Sclerosis,Paraplegia,Urethra,Urethral Stricture,Urinary Bladder\
5940741	1966	Double cystometry in the uninhibited neurogenic bladder.	Humans,Manometry,Multiple Sclerosis,Pressure,Reflex,Urinary Bladder, Neurogenic\
5940749	1966	Leukaemia in infancy and childhood. A material of 570 Danish cases.	Adolescent,Blood Cells,Blood Sedimentation,Bone Marrow,Bone and Bones,Child,Child, Preschool,Denmark,Female,Fever,Hemoglobins,Hemorrhage,Humans,Infant,Infant, Newborn,Leukemia,Liver,Lymph Nodes,Male,Maternal Age,Neurologic Manifestations,Pregnancy,Prognosis,Skin Manifestations,Spleen\
5940750	1966	Gas myelography and percutaneous puncture in the diagnosis of spinal cord cysts.	Adolescent,Adult,Cysts,Female,Humans,Male,Middle Aged,Myelography,Spinal Cord Diseases,Spinal Cord Neoplasms,Spinal Puncture\
5940753	1966	Histology of human ocular laser coagulation.	Eye Neoplasms,Fundus Oculi,Humans,Lasers,Light Coagulation,Male,Melanoma,Microscopy,Middle Aged,Ophthalmoscopy\
5940760	1966	Recurrence of malignant melanoma in an orbit after 28 years.	Aged,Humans,Male,Melanoma,Microscopy,Neoplasm Recurrence, Local,Optic Nerve,Orbital Neoplasms,Sclera,Subarachnoid Space\
5940773	1966	Iridocyclectomy for cancer of the anterior uvea.	Ciliary Body,Eye Neoplasms,Female,Humans,Iris,Middle Aged\
5940774	1966	Angiokeratoma of the eyelids.	Adult,Eye Neoplasms,Eyelids,Female,Hemangioma,Humans,Male,Middle Aged\
5940811	1966	Surgical treatment of large osteomas of the ethmo-frontal region.	Adult,Aged,Ethmoid Sinus,Female,Frontal Sinus,Humans,Male,Middle Aged,Nose,Osteoma,Paranasal Sinus Neoplasms,Radiography\
5940814	1966	The acoustic neuroma in the light of new data and old principles.	Ear Neoplasms,Humans,Neurilemmoma,Vestibulocochlear Nerve\
5940813	1966	Symposium on acoustic neuroma. I. Diagnosis and management of acoustic neuroma.	Ear Neoplasms,Hearing Tests,Humans,Neurilemmoma,Vestibulocochlear Nerve\
5940830	1966	Leukemiae in infants: personal observations.	Humans,Infant,Infant, Newborn,Infant, Newborn, Diseases,Leukemia\
5940835	1966	Clinical analysis of torsions of ovarian cysts, with special consideration on torsion of the adnexal and tubes.	Adnexal Diseases,Adult,Cysts,Fallopian Tubes,Female,Humans,Middle Aged,Ovarian Diseases,Torsion Abnormality\
5940837	1966	Paroxysmal tachycardia in the course of a chromophil adrenal tumor.	Adrenal Gland Neoplasms,Female,Humans,Middle Aged,Pheochromocytoma,Tachycardia, Paroxysmal\
5940847	1966	Hypophysectomy for advanced mammary carcinoma.	Adrenalectomy,Breast Neoplasms,Female,Humans,Hypophysectomy,Mastectomy,Middle Aged\
5940852	1966	Screening data from the Cancer Chemotherapy National Service Center Screening Laboratories. XXXII. Plant extracts.	Animals,Antineoplastic Agents,Chick Embryo,Cricetinae,Culture Techniques,Mice,Neoplasms, Experimental,Plants, Medicinal,Rats\
5940876	1966	Complete remission in two cases of choriocarcinoma with observations of uric acid metabolism and serum inhibition of Lactobacillus casei.	Adult,Choriocarcinoma,Female,Humans,Methotrexate,Pregnancy\
5940882	1966	Kidney function tests in acute leukemias in children.	Albuminuria,Child,Hematuria,Humans,Kidney Function Tests,Leukemia,Uric Acid\
5940889	1966	Tumor of the base of the tongue in a infant.	Angiokeratoma,Humans,Infant,Tongue Neoplasms\
5940903	1966	Diagnostic difficulties in cancer of the colon.	Colonic Neoplasms,Humans\
5941035	1966	Renal tumors induced by a single dose of dimethylnitrosamine: morphologic, functional, enzymatic, and hormonal characterizations.	Adenocarcinoma,Animals,Biological Assay,Blood,Erythropoietin,In Vitro Techniques,Kidney,Kidney Neoplasms,L-Lactate Dehydrogenase,Mercury,Neoplasms, Experimental,Nitrosamines,Organ Size,Pyelonephritis,Radioisotopes,Rats,Urine\
5941036	1966	Urinary lactic dehydrogenase activity in rats with dimethylnitrosamine induced renal tumors.	Adenocarcinoma,Animals,Biological Assay,In Vitro Techniques,Injections, Intraperitoneal,Kidney Neoplasms,L-Lactate Dehydrogenase,Male,Neoplasms, Experimental,Nitrosamines,Rats,Urine\
5941058	1966	Anabolic steroids in the treatment of advanced breast cancer.	Breast Neoplasms,Female,Humans,Methenolone\
5941062	1966	Detection of a metabolite with curare-like effect in urines from myasthenia gravis patients.	Animals,Curare,Female,Humans,Male,Muscle Contraction,Myasthenia Gravis,Rats,Urine\
5941081	1966	Portal cavernoma associated with agenesis of the left kidney.	Child,Hemangioma,Humans,Kidney,Male\
5941083	1966	Contribution of radiology to the diagnosis of sacro-coccygeal tumors.	Child, Preschool,Humans,Infant,Radiography,Sacrococcygeal Region,Teratoma\
5941090	1966	3 cases of epiphyseal transplantation.	Arm,Bone Neoplasms,Child,Epiphyses,Female,Humans,Infant,Male,Transplantation, Autologous\
5941112	1966	Primary tumors of the thoracic wall.	Adolescent,Adult,Aged,Female,Humans,Male,Middle Aged,Thoracic Neoplasms\
5941183	1966	Gas chromatographic determination of plasmatic testosterone in ovarian polycystosis.	Adolescent,Adult,Chromatography, Gas,Cysts,Female,Humans,Ovarian Diseases,Testosterone\
5941186	1966	On the association of carcinoma and tuberculosis in the adnexa.	Fallopian Tubes,Female,Humans,Middle Aged,Ovarian Neoplasms,Tuberculosis, Female Genital\
5941197	1966	Necessity of substrates for the Crabtree effect in Ehrlich-Lettre carcinoma cells.	Animals,Carcinoma, Ehrlich Tumor,Citrates,Glucose,In Vitro Techniques,Ketoglutaric Acids,Lactates,Malates,Mice,Oxaloacetates,Oxygen Consumption,Pyruvates,Succinates\
5941220	1966	Chronic syphilitic multiple subdural meningitis.	Adult,Female,Humans,Meningitis,Neurosyphilis\
5941227	1966	Paraneoplastic syndromes in rheumatology.	Bone Diseases,Humans,Joint Diseases,Neoplasms\
5941234	1966	Pheochromocytoma: antagonistic action of a beta adreno-blocking agent in regards to phentolamine.	Humans,Male,Middle Aged,Phentolamine,Pheochromocytoma\
5941239	1966	A quantitative investigation of the G (Gross) antigen in preleukemic and leukemic cells.	AKR murine leukemia virus,Animals,Antigen-Antibody Reactions,Blood,In Vitro Techniques,Leukemia, Experimental,Lymphoma,Mice\
5941238	1966	A quantitative cytochemical investigations of DNA, RNA  and protein in lymphoid cells from normal, preleukemic and leukemic mice.	Animals,DNA,DNA, Neoplasm,Female,Histocytochemistry,In Vitro Techniques,Leukemia, Experimental,Lymph Nodes,Mice,Neoplasm Proteins,Proteins,RNA,RNA, Neoplasm,Spectrophotometry,Thymus Gland\
5941290	1966	Cystic degeneration of the wall of the femoral vein.	Adult,Cysts,Femoral Vein,Humans,Male,Phlebography,Vascular Diseases,Vascular Surgical Procedures\
5941316	1966	Pure red cell aplasia associated with thymoma.	Aged,Anemia, Aplastic,Humans,In Vitro Techniques,Male,Thymectomy,Thymoma\
5941319	1966	Ribonucleic acid metabolism in the nuclei isolated from Ehrlich ascites tumor cells.	Animals,Carcinoma, Ehrlich Tumor,In Vitro Techniques,Mice,RNA, Neoplasm\
5941324	1966	On the influence of body position on steady-state diffusing capacity during exercise, studied in patients with pulmonary sarcoidosis.	Adult,Carbon Monoxide,Exercise Test,Female,Humans,Lung Diseases,Lung Neoplasms,Lymphoma,Male,Middle Aged,Respiratory Function Tests,Sarcoidosis\
5941359	1966	A proposed mechanism for the action of 9-beta-D-arabinofuranosyladenine as an inhibitor of the growth of some ascites cells.	Adenosine Triphosphate,Animals,Antineoplastic Agents,Cytosine Nucleotides,DNA, Neoplasm,Enzymes,In Vitro Techniques,Mice,Neoplasms, Experimental,Nucleotidyltransferases,Phosphates,Thymidine\
5941386	1966	Inhibition and enhancement of the Landsch\'fctz ascites tumour with lymphoid cells.	Animals,Immune Sera,Lymphoid Tissue,Mice,Neoplasms, Experimental,Rabbits,Spleen,Tissue Extracts\
5941395	1966	Malignant metastasis to the placenta from carcinoma of the breast.	Adult,Breast Neoplasms,Female,Humans,Neoplasm Metastasis,Placenta,Pregnancy,Pregnancy Complications\
5941401	1966	Post-mortem prevalence of focal lymphocytic adenitis of the submandibular salivary gland.	Adult,Aged,Arthritis, Rheumatoid,Collagen Diseases,Diabetes Complications,Female,Humans,Infection,Kidney Diseases,Lymphadenitis,Lymphocytes,Male,Middle Aged,Neoplasms,Rheumatic Heart Disease,Salivary Gland Diseases,Submandibular Gland,Thyroiditis\
5941403	1966	Renal angiomyolipomata.	Adult,Epidermal Cyst,Epilepsy,Female,Humans,Intellectual Disability,Kidney Neoplasms,Male,Mesenchymoma,Middle Aged,Tuberous Sclerosis\
5941404	1966	The nature of some annular inclusions seen under the electron microscope.	Animals,Cytoplasmic Granules,Fibrosarcoma,Lipids,Liver,Microscopy, Electron,Rats,Sarcoma, Experimental\
5941405	1966	2 cases of gastroduodenal hemangiopericytoma.	Adolescent,Adult,Duodenal Neoplasms,Female,Hemangiopericytoma,Humans,Stomach Neoplasms\
5941406	1966	A case of gastric hemangiopericytoma.	Hemangiopericytoma,Humans,Male,Middle Aged,Stomach Neoplasms\
5941407	1966	Epiploic hemangiopericytoma.	Hemangiopericytoma,Humans,Male,Omentum\
5941408	1966	Apropos of a case of primary hyperparathyroidism with cervical tumor.	Adenoma,Female,Humans,Hyperparathyroidism,Middle Aged,Parathyroid Neoplasms\
5941410	1966	Complex operations for cancer of the colon.	Aged,Colectomy,Colonic Neoplasms,Female,Humans,Male\
5941439	1966	Apropos of a case of hypertrophic pneumic osteoarthropathy.	Adenocarcinoma,Bronchial Neoplasms,Humans,Male,Middle Aged,Osteoarthropathy, Secondary Hypertrophic\
5941442	1966	Paraplegia in multiple sclerosis.	Adult,Female,Humans,Male,Middle Aged,Multiple Sclerosis,Paraplegia\
5941480	1966	Ovarian struma during puberty.	Adolescent,Female,Humans,Ovarian Neoplasms,Struma Ovarii,Teratoma\
5941484	1966	The role of lymphography in tumors of the testis.	Humans,Lymphography,Male,Testicular Neoplasms\
5941483	1966	Spontaneous pneumothorax in the development of tumors with secondary pulmonary localization.	Adult,Aged,Humans,Lung Neoplasms,Male,Pneumothorax,Radiography, Thoracic\
5941485	1966	Value of arteriography during intra-arterial chemotherapy of cancer. I. Pelvic cancers.	Angiography,Humans,Mechlorethamine,Pelvic Neoplasms\
5941486	1966	Cobalt teletherapy in high doses of breast cancers: local development and sequelae.	Breast Neoplasms,Cobalt Isotopes,Female,Humans,Radioisotope Teletherapy\
5941500	1966	Lung cancer and bronchitis in Northern Ireland, 1960-2.	Adult,Aged,Bronchitis,Female,Humans,Lung Neoplasms,Male,Middle Aged,Mortality,Northern Ireland,Smoking,Social Conditions}